Add commitment burndown columns (#400)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/consumedquantity.md

# Consumed Quantity

> The Consumed Quantity represents the volume of a given SKU associated with a metered [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service) used, based on the [Consumed Unit](#consumedunit). Consumed Quantity is often derived at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to the [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity) (complementary to [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit)) and focuses on metered *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.

Reviewer: Since providers track and measure the usage or purchase of SKUs (underlying components of resources or services) rather than the resources or services directly, I suggest that we avoid using the term 'metered resources and/or services.'

```suggestion
The Consumed Quantity represents the volume of a given SKU associated with a [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service) used, based on the [Consumed Unit](#consumedunit). Consumed Quantity is often derived at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to the [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity) (complementary to [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit)) and focuses on *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.
```

Author: I'd like to take this up separately.  I think `metered` helps convey that this column should be used for resources and nothing else, so it'd be great to come up with a solution that could incorporate your suggestion and emphasize that this column meant for resources.

# Consumed Quantity

The Consumed Quantity represents the volume of a given SKU associated with a metered [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service) used, based on the [Consumed Unit](#consumedunit). Consumed Quantity is often derived at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to the [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity) (complementary to [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit)) and focuses on metered *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.

> ConsumedQuantity MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports the measurement of usage. This column MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" and CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused". This column MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction". This column MUST be of type Decimal and MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements. The value MAY be negative in cases where [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is "Correction".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ConsumedQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedQuantity MUST be present in the billing data when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* ConsumedQuantity MUST be of type Decimal and MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ConsumedQuantity MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage", unless [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is "Correction" or [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
* ConsumedQuantity MAY be null if ChargeCategory is "Usage" and ChargeClass is "Correction"
* ConsumedQuantity MUST be null if CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused" or for other ChargeCategory values.
* ConsumedQuantity value MAY be negative in cases where ChargeClass is "Correction".
```
